okay I want to very worried
well I never thought that no ad work
within one day yeah so polymeric of a
project or formula I was like totally I
thought it's a dream I lay excited well
I go to very lovely a role in this film
it's so very happy that our very first
film I'm acting with amitabh G and I'm
quite comfortable with the language also
like because I was basically a Sanskrit
student at school so I can read and
write Hindi very well so very confident
that I can speak Hindi - very well we're
even Shekar thought I owe you lunch
Surya cow it is a Tamil film that has
been made in two other languages
it's been a very successful for them it
has a it has a semi urban background and
it's it's like a family saga and I think
the story is is interesting action
electrified
I'm working with somebody as my leading
lady she's from Telugu cinema I think
it's it's going to be a very healthy new
and a novel experience today okay well
though done 50 films down south I'm very
new to Hindi so don't expect too much
from me
I'm very new so I think be confident
keep smiling it doesn't cost you
anything